HEALTH ARTICLES TODAY

JUST SAY 'NO' TO COW’S MILK!
By Health Reporter, Dr. R. Garza

Cow’s milk is a big part of many people’s lives in the United States. Babies drink cow’s milk in bottles. Children eat cereal drenched in cow’s milk. Even adults enjoy a cold glass of milk from time to time. Yes, cow’s milk is a huge part of the human diet in many places around the world. However, more and more research is suggesting that milk may not “do a body good” as the popular American advertising slogan claims.

The United States Department of Agriculture, the American Dairy Council, Dairy Management, Inc., and other organizations have worked hard to advocate for milk for many years. They encourage adults to drink at least three glasses of milk a day. However, several studies in the last decade have questioned the bone-strengthening power of milk as well as other claims about the health benefits of milk. The results may surprise you.

One of the most recent and most important studies on the effects of drinking milk was published in the October 2014 issue of the British Medical Journal. The findings in this study led to some powerful assertions about the consumption of milk. In this study over 100 000 people in Sweden were followed over periods of 20-30 years. Researchers found that the female milk drinkers suffered more bone fractures. Additionally, both male and female milk drinkers were more likely to suffer from heart disease and cancer. These staggering results are similar to findings from other studies.

The Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine (PCRM) commented on some of the health problems related to the consumption of milk. It claims that milk and dairy products “have little or no benefit for bones.” The PCRM goes further to describe some specific problems associated with milk:

“Milk proteins, milk sugar, fat, and saturated fat in dairy products pose health risks for children and encourage the development of obesity, diabetes, and heart disease.”

These are serious claims and more studies are needed in order to confirm the findings. However, there is mounting proof that drinking cow’s milk could be less beneficial to our health than originally thought. If these claims become indisputable facts, it may be time to just say ‘no’ to cow’s milk.












Based on the two texts about milk, are the statements in the table below facts or opinions? Click on either Fact or Opinion for each statement.

Is the statement a fact or an opinion?	Fact	Opinion
Recent studies on the health benefits of milk are surprising.		
Studies have shown that drinking milk has detrimental health effects.		
Several studies have questioned the bone strengthening power of milk.		
Drinking milk and other dairy products is the best way to lose weight.		





 The Professor’s Blog
Posted May 23, 11:22 a.m.
As I look out of my window this morning, I see the landscape I have learned to love here on Rapa Nui, which is known in some places by the name Easter Island. The grasses and shrubs are green, the sky is blue, and the old, now extinct volcanoes rise up in the background.

I am a bit sad knowing that this is my last week on the island. I have finished my field work and will be returning home. Later today, I will take a walk through the hills and say good-bye to the moai that I have been studying for the past nine months. Here is a picture of some of these massive statues.


If you have been following my blog this year, then you know that the people of Rapa Nui carved these moai hundreds of years ago. These impressive moai had been carved in a single quarry on the eastern part of the island. Some of them weighed thousands of kilos, yet the people of Rapa Nui were able to move them to locations far away from the quarry without cranes or any heavy equipment.

For years, archeologists did not know how these massive statues were moved. It remained a mystery until the 1990s, when a team of archeologists and residents of Rapa Nui demonstrated that the moai could have been transported and raised using ropes made from plants and wooden rollers and tracks made from large trees that had once thrived on the island. The mystery of the moai was solved.

Another mystery remained, however. What happened to these plants and large trees that had been used to move the moai? As I said, when I look out of my window, I see grasses and shrubs and a small tree or two, but nothing that could have been used to move these huge statues. It is a fascinating puzzle, one that I will explore in future posts and lectures. Until then, you may wish to investigate the mystery yourself. I suggest you begin with a book called Collapse by Jared Diamond. This review of Collapse is a good place to start.

 Traveler_14May 24, 4:31 p.m.
Hi Professor! I love following your work on Easter Island. I can’t wait to check out Collapse!

 KB_IslandMay 25, 9:07 a.m.
I also love reading about your experiences on Easter Island, however, I think there is another theory that should be considered. Check out this article: www.sciencenews.com/Polynesian_rats_Rapa_Nui












Review of Collapse
Jared Diamond’s new book, Collapse, is a clear warning about the consequences of damaging our environment. In the book, the author describes several civilizations that collapsed because of the choices they made and their impact on the environment. One of the most disturbing examples in the book is Rapa Nui.

According to the author, Rapa Nui was settled by Polynesians sometime after 700 CE. They developed a thriving society of, perhaps, 15 000 people. They carved the moai, the famous statues, and used the natural resources available to them to move these huge moai to different locations around the island. When the first Europeans landed on Rapa Nui in 1722, the moai were still there, but the trees were gone. The population was down to a few thousand people who were struggling to survive. Mr. Diamond writes that the people of Rapa Nui cleared the land for farming and other purposes and that they over-hunted the numerous species of sea and land birds that had lived on the island. He speculates that the dwindling natural resources led to civil wars and the collapse of Rapa Nui’s society.

The lesson of this wonderful but frightening book is that in the past, humans made the choice to destroy their environment by cutting down all the trees and hunting animal species to extinction. Optimistically, the author points out, we can choose not to make the same mistakes today. The book is written well and deserves to be read by anyone who is concerned about the environment.











SCIENCE NEWS
Did Polynesian Rats Destroy Rapa Nui’s Trees?
By Michael Kimball, Science Reporter
In 2005, Jared Diamond published Collapse. In the book, he described the human settlement of Rapa Nui (also called Easter Island).

The book caused a huge controversy soon after its publication. Many scientists questioned Diamond’s theory of what happened on Rapa Nui. They agreed that the huge trees had disappeared by the time Europeans first arrived on the island in the 18th century, but they did not agree with Jared Diamond’s theory about the cause of the disappearance.

Now, two scientists, Carl Lipo and Terry Hunt, have published a new theory. They believe that the Polynesian rat ate the seeds of the trees, preventing new ones from growing. The rat, they believe, was brought over either accidentally or purposefully on the canoes that the first human settlers used to land on Rapa Nui.

Studies have shown that a population of rats can double every 47 days. That’s a lot of rats to feed. To support their theory, Lipo and Hunt point to the remains of palm nuts that show the gnaw marks made by rats. Of course, they acknowledge that humans did play a role in the destruction of the forests of Rapa Nui. But they believe that the Polynesian rat was an even greater culprit among a series of factors.














