Did someone say… cookies? X and its partners use cookies to provide a better, safer, and faster service and to help us grow our business. Some cookies are essential to the operation of our services, to improve them, and to ensure they function properly.See more information about your selections. 
Accept all cookies Reject non-essential cookies


Allow Facebook cookies in this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve the content of the Meta Products . We also use them to provide enhanced security by using information obtained from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve the Meta Products to those with an account.
Essential Cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products. They are essential for our websites to function properly.
Third-party cookies: We use these cookies to show you ads outside of the Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos within the Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. In our Cookie Policy you can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time.
Information about cookies


What are cookies?


Why do we use cookies?


What are Meta Products?


Your Cookie Choices
Cookies from third parties
We use third-party cookies to show you ads outside of our Products and to provide features such as maps, payment services, and videos.
Other ways to control your information


Reject optional cookies Allow all cookies




Cookies and Advertising Choices
If you consent, personal data from any of these Amazon services may be used to personalize ads you see on other services. For example, we may use your Prime Video viewing history to personalize ads you see in our stores or on Fire TV. We may also use personal data we receive from third parties (e.g., demographic data).
In addition, if you consent, we will also use cookies to enhance your Amazon shopping experience, as described in our Cookie Notice . Your choices apply to our use of first-party and third-party advertising cookies on this service. Cookies store or access standard device information, such as a unique identifier. Third parties using cookies on this service (129) do so to display and measure personalized ads, generate audience insights, and develop and improve products.
In any case, we use cookies and similar tools that are necessary to enable your shopping experience, improve your shopping experience, and provide our services, as detailed in our Cookie Notice . We also use cookies to understand how customers use our services (for example, by measuring site visits) so we can make improvements. Click "Decline" to decline, or "Customize" to make more granular advertising choices or learn more. You can change your choices at any time on the Cookies and Advertising Choices page . For more information about how and for what purposes Amazon uses your personal data (for example, your Store order history or Prime Video viewing history), please see our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice .
Accept
Reject
Customize




LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and third parties use necessary and optional cookies to provide, secure, analyze, and improve our Services and to display relevant advertising (including professional ads and job ads ) on and off LinkedIn. For more information, see our Cookie Policy .
Select Accept to consent or Reject to reject the processing of optional cookies for these purposes. You can change your choice at any time in the settings .
Accept Reject


Let us know you agree to advertising cookies
We and our 54 partners use cookies and similar technologies to collect and process personal data from your device, such as your IP address and the pages you visit.
We use this data to help us to better understand our audiences and to improve and personalise your experience. We also use this data to manage the advertising shown on our services. We make money from these ads, which in turn helps to fund our services and the creation of more BBC content.
Please let us know if you agree to:
Store and/or access information on a device
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Click “Manage Options” to set your choice for specific purposes and to view the list of our partners. You can find out more on advertising cookies in our privacy policy. To change your preferences at any other time (including to withdraw consent or opt out of legitimate interest processing) by clicking on ‘Do not share or sell my info‘ at the bottom of any page. Your choice only applies to BBC.com.
I do not agree
I agree
Manage options


Support reliable journalism
Access for free by accepting the use of your data.
Free access to the site (excluding exclusive subscriber content) is subject to your consent to the use of your personal data (such as: IP address, browsing data, information entered when creating your user account) for the purpose of personalizing communications and improving and developing our products and services.
Le Monde and its partners (308) process and combine data about you, collected via cookies and similar technologies, to store and/or access information stored on a device, to provide personalized ads and content, to measure ad and content performance, and to conduct audience research. Precise geolocation information and information about device characteristics may be used.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on "Manage cookies" at the bottom of the pages of this site.
...or subscribe to Le Monde to enjoy all the content.
A subscription allows you to access all of Le Monde 's content and archives on our website and mobile apps. By clicking the "Subscribe" button, you can refuse cookies or configure your preferences (excluding functional and audience measurement cookies).
What are cookies used for?
Why Le Monde is asking you to accept these processing activities of your data 
Accept and continue Subscribe
Already a subscriber? Log in


Welcome!
With advertising and tracking
Storage and processing of data for personalized advertising with profiling in cooperation with third party providers.
Consent and continue
Read ad-free
No sharing of your data with advertisers. Use us for a fee without any ad tracking and practically free of advertising.
Subscribe now
Details on advertising and analysis trackers, revocation and the handling of your data, including in the “Read without ads” subscription, can be found in our privacy policy or in the Privacy Center.
Already subscribed to “Read ad-free”? Login here.
You can find an overview of your subscriptions and user data in your user account.
Preferences
Tracking: We work with third party providers to improve and finance our web products. Together with these up to 175 third-party providers, we collect and process personal data on our platforms. Using cookies stored on your device, personal identifiers such as device identifiers or IP addresses, and based on your individual usage patterns, together with these third party providers we can …
* ... Store and/or retrieve information on a device: For the processing purposes disclosed to you, cookies, device identifiers or other information may be stored or accessed on your device.
* … Execute personalized ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience and product development insights: Ads and content can be personalized based on a profile. Additional data can be added to improve personalized ads and content. The performance of ads and content will be measured. Insights will be derived about the target groups that have viewed the advertisements and content. Data may be used to create or improve usability, systems and software.
We would like to point out that your data is also processed by providers in third countries and the USA. USA providers must pass on their data to authorities there. Your rights are protected in accordance with Art. 45 et seq. DSGVO are protected (adequacy decision, certification, standard contractual clauses).
* Imprint
* Privacy Policy
* General Terms and Conditions
Zur deutschen Seite wechseln


Netflix and third parties use cookies and similar technologies on this website to collect information about your browsing activities, which we use to analyse your use of the website, personalise our services, and customise online advertisements. You can accept, reject, or personalise your choices by selecting ‘Learn more.’ Netflix supports the Digital Advertising Alliance Principles.
Learn more  Reject  Accept


We use optional cookies to improve your experience on our websites, such as through social media connections, and to display personalized advertising based on your online activity. If you reject optional cookies, only cookies necessary to provide you the services will be used. You may change your selection by clicking “Manage Cookies” at the bottom of the page. Privacy Statement Third-Party Cookies
Accept Reject Manage cookies 


Manage your cookie settings
When you use the Booking.com platform, we (Booking.com and our partners) use the following categories of cookies (and similar technologies) that require your consent: analytical cookies and marketing cookies.
Analytical cookies
We and our partners use analytics cookies to obtain information about the use of our service, which is then used to understand how users like you use our platform and to improve the performance of our website and services.
Marketing cookies
We and our partners use marketing cookies, including social media cookies, to collect information about your behavior on this platform, which helps us decide which products to show you on and off our platform, and to display personalized content and advertising on Booking.com and other platforms. This personalized content is based on your behavior and the services you book. These cookies also allow you to share or like pages on social media.
By selecting "Accept," you consent to the use of analytical and marketing cookies and the related processing of your personal data. You can update your consent at any time for each platform. For websites, you can do this via the "Manage cookie settings" option in the footer; for apps, you can do this via "My account / Log in" > "Device settings" > "Manage privacy settings."
If you select "Decline", you will have a less personalized experience on our platform.
For more information on how we process your personal data, please see our Privacy Statement .
Accept  Reject  Manage Settings


Cookie preferences
Later
We use cookies and similar technologies to improve your experience and personalize advertisements. This enables us and third parties to offer you content, marketing, and advertisements that you may like, both on and off our sites. Change your preferences at any time under Cookie Settings . Consult our Cookie Statement for more information.
Personalize cookiesRefuse cookies Accept cookies


If you accept cookies, we use them to improve your experience and tailor it to your preferences. We also use them to enable our partners to show personalized advertisements from PayPal when you visit other sites. Manage cookies and more information
Accept To refuse


Your privacy is important
Select Language
                NL              
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect (personal) data about your visit on this website. By clicking ‘Accept’, you agree to the use of analytical cookies to track and analyse your interactions, personalisation cookies to build a profile and show relevant content based on your online behaviour, and advertising and social media cookies placed by third parties, like Google or Meta, to display ads on websites outside ING.
If you click ‘Reject’, only essential cookies will be used to make sure the website works properly. You can configure your consent via ‘Manage preferences’ and change or withdraw it at any time via ‘Cookie Settings’ at the bottom of the website.
Want to know more? Read our Cookie Policy and Privacy Statement.
Accept To refuse Custom settings


Privacy Promise
Welcome! We’re glad you’re here and want you to know that we respect your privacy and your right to control how we collect, use, and share your personal data. Please read our Privacy Policy to learn about our privacy practices.
Consent Do Not Consent Manage Options


Personalised advertising
- it's your choice
Independent, quality original journalism needs your support. Please choose an option.


Accept personalised advertising and all cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies to support the Guardian and personalise your experience in other ways. To do this we work with a cross section of 139 partners.
or


Reject all and subscribe to Guardian Ad-Lite for €5 per month
Read the Guardian website without personalised advertising. This does not include ad-free. You will still see non-personalised advertising and we may still use cookies and similar technologies to improve our site.
Some cookies are necessary to help our website work properly and can’t be switched off. Find out more in our privacy policy and cookie policy, and manage the choices available to you at any time by going to ‘Privacy settings’ at the bottom of any page.
Cookies and similar technologies collect information from your device and may be used to access personal data about you including page visits and IP addresses. We use this information about you, your devices and your online interactions with us to provide, analyse and improve our services. We use cookies and similar technologies for the following purposes:
Store and/or access information on a device
Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development
Personalised content and content measurement
Accept all Reject all and subscribe
If you already have Guardian Ad-Lite or read the Guardian ad-free, sign in


We value your privacy Continue without agreeing


With your agreement, we and our 419 partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website.
We and our partners process data for the following purposes:
Actively scan device characteristics for identification, Advertising, Analytics, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Display advertisements related to political campaigns or content, Functional, Marketing, Measure advertising performance, Measure audience, Measure content performance, Social, Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content
Agree and close
Learn More →
