Your Choice on Cookies
We and our 60 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Accept All  enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Accept Essential or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.See our cookies Notice
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.See our List of Partners

Customize Choices Accept Essential Accept All 







Cookies on mayoclinic.org

Cookies help us give you the best experience. Necessary cookies are required for the site to work. Optional cookies help us improve the site and show you personalized ads. YouTube and Kaltura videos on our site may also use cookies.


Customize cookie preferences

Accept additional cookies

Reject additional cookies


--------------------
Your privacy is important to us

Yahoo is part of theYahoo brand family.

When you use our sites and apps, we usecookiesfor the following:
deliver our sites and apps to you
authenticate users, apply security measures and prevent spam and abuse, and
measuringof your use of our sites and appsIf you click Accept All , we and our partners , including 248 partners who are part of the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework, will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words, use cookies) and use precise geolocation data and other personal data, such astechnical identifiersand browsing and search data, for analysis, personalized advertisements and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research, and service development.
If you do not want us and our partners to use cookies and personal data for these additional purposes, click on ' Reject all '.

If you want to change your choices, click on ' Manage privacy settings '.

You can withdraw your consent or change your choices at any time by clicking on the 'Privacy and cookie settings' or 'Privacy dashboard' links on our sites and in our apps. Read our privacy policy and cookie policy for more information about how we use your personal data.

Accept all Refuse everything Manage privacy settings

----------------
BBC Logo
Let us know you agree to advertising cookies

We and our 54 partners use cookies and similar technologies to collect and process personal data from your device, such as your IP address and the pages you visit.


We use this data to help us to better understand our audiences and to improve and personalise your experience. We also use this data to manage the advertising shown on our services. We make money from these ads, which in turn helps to fund our services and the creation of more BBC content.



Please let us know if you agree to:


Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.

Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Advertising and content can be personalised based on your profile. Your activity on this service can be used to build or improve a profile about you for personalised advertising and content. Advertising and content performance can be measured. Reports can be generated based on your activity and those of others. Your activity on this service can help develop and improve products and services.

Click “Manage Options” to set your choice for specific purposes and to view the list of our partners. You can find out more on advertising cookies in our privacy policy. To change your preferences at any other time (including to withdraw consent or opt out of legitimate interest processing) by clicking on ‘Do not share or sell my info‘ at the bottom of any page. Your choice only applies to BBC.com.

I do not agree
I agree
Manage options








Our use of cookies and other technologies
We, our affiliates, and our 58 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "Allow All" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the "Manage Cookies+" link on the bottom of the webpage. Your choices will have effect within our website and applications. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised content. Create profiles to personalise content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. List of Partners (vendors)

Accept All
Show Purposes









Manage Your Privacy
To provide the best experiences, our 141 partners and we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us and our partners to process personal data, such as browsing behavior and unique IDs, on this site. You can update your choices at any time by clicking on the Update Privacy Preferences link at the bottom of the screen. We use this data to:
Use limited data to select advertising
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
Use precise geolocation data
Use limited data to select content
Develop and improve services
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Measure content performance
Measure advertising performance
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Create profiles to personalise content
Use profiles to select personalised content
Store and/or access information on a device
Reject All 
Manage Settings 
Accept All





Consent to Cookies & Data Processing
To provide a more personal user experience, we and our 315 partners use technology such as cookies to store and/or access device information. By clicking "Accept all," you consent to the use of these technologies which will allow us and our partners to process personal data such as IP address, unique ID, and browsing data on this site.

You can withdraw or update your consent preferences at any time by clicking the "Update Privacy Settings" link. This link may be found in the footer or on either side of the page.

We use your data to: Store and/or access information on a device, Measurement, Essential, Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning, Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Settings
Accept all
Privacy notice 










We and our 19 IAB TCF partners store information on your device and have access to this information for the following purposes: storing and/or accessing information on a device, advertising and content measurement, audience research and service development, personalized advertisements, and personalized content.
Personal data may be processed for the following purposes: using precise geolocation data and actively scanning device characteristics for identification.
Our third-party IAB TCF partners may store and access information on your device, such as your IP address and device characteristics. Our IAB TCF partners may process this personal data based on legitimate interest or with your consent. You can change your preferences for this website at any time or withdraw consent by clicking on the cookie icon or the link, but this may result in you no longer seeing relevant advertisements or personalized content. You can change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You can close this banner to continue using only essential cookies.



Privacy Policy
Storage preferences
Third parties


Post

Targeted advertising

Personalization

Analyse
Save
Accept everything
Reject non-essential








We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 100 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content.List of Partners (vendors)

Accept All
Reject All
Show Purposes










Manage privacy preferences
We and our 338 vendors use cookies and similar methods to store and/or access information on a device and process your personal data (such as unique identifiers and browsing data) for personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development, including by using precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning. To learn more, view our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy. By clicking ‘Accept all,’ you consent to the processing of your data by us and our vendors on nytimes.com and our News, Cooking, Games, and Audio apps using the above methods. You can always withdraw your consent by clicking on Manage Privacy Preferences in our website footer or in your app Privacy Settings. Your preferences here are unrelated to Apple’s App Tracking Transparency Framework.

Manage preferences

Reject all

Accept all







This website uses cookies to make your experience with this website better. By continuing past this notice and by using this site, you hereby consent to the use of cookies and to all of the other terms and conditions in Successfulmatch.com, Inc.'s Privacy Policy and Website Terms of Use.
View and download our Privacy Policy and Website Terms of Use.


CONTINUE Change my preferences














We use cookies to improve your experience

To help us improve our service, we collect data to understand how people use our website and to ensure that it is able to function properly.



You can learn more in our cookie policy
Accept All
Reject All
More Options















We value your privacyThis website collects and shares your personal information using third-party cookies. To exercise your available rights with respect to these cookies, click on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information








We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1721 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only and will be stored in IABGPP_HDR_GppString cookie for 13 months. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Cookie Settings" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Please note that this website/app uses one or more Google services and may gather and store information including but not limited to your visit or usage behaviour. You may click to grant or deny consent to Google and its third-party tags to use your data for below specified purposes in below Google consent section.

MORE OPTIONS

DISAGREE

AGREE












This website uses tracking technologies to enable our website functionalities, to enhance user experience or to analyze performance and traffic. We may also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. This allows us to perform targeted advertising and to select ads and content that will be more relevant to you. Here you can Accept Default Settings or Reject All trackers. For more details on the data we process and how to exercise your rights, see our Privacy Policy
Reject All Accept All Cookies
